the highly-anticipated Ford Fiesta will
make its deputed in Canada a few months
from now an auto 1-2-3 calm got to take
it for a quick spin
at first glance the Fiesta boasts very
distinctive physic even though the
connection with other members of the
Ford family particularly to focus is
pretty obvious the hood stretches
forward to create an aerodynamic profile
while its contours outlined a tapered
head like clusters inside the dashboard
is most definitely one of a kind
although you can bet that the upcoming
Canadian variant will be slightly
different the v-shaped layout of the
centre stack encompasses all the various
controls there are two red flags though
first closing the doors produces an odd
sound and gives the impression that the
Fiesta is fragile I don't know if this
foreshadows unpleasant body noises but
the doors do feel like they were made
from a not so solid material the other
red flag is the back of the rear seats
which is all metal no carpeting or
plastic cover
on the road the PSA surprisingly fun and
spirited no performance figures have
been released since the Canadian variant
will likely feature a different
powertrain yet it's clear that the
little Ford has fun bike the contact 1.6
litre mill is responsive allowing smooth
enthusiastic accelerations the car
handles with agility and liveliness and
while the suspension won't get anonymous
approval considering the slightly firmer
ride forests got to keep it the way it
is the big question now is how much the
European Ford Fiesta we tested was
packed with all sorts of options and
accessories including leather seats so
it's high cost does not give a good
indication of how the model will be
priced over here in all likelihood the
Fiesta will undercut the entry point of
the Focus and directly take aim at
rivals of compacts